---
title: EventSubscription
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
keywords:
  - EventSubscription
  - rds
  - azure
  - stackql
  - infrastructure-as-code
  - configuration-as-data
  - cloud inventory
description: Query, deploy and manage Azure resources using SQL
custom_edit_url: null
image: /img/providers/azure/stackql-azure-provider-featured-image.png
---
The EventSubscription resource documentation.

:::info Resource Summary

<div class="row">
<div class="providerDocColumn">
<span>resource type:&nbsp;<b>rds.EventSubscription</b></span><br />
<span>resource id:&nbsp;<b>rds:EventSubscription</b></span><br />
</div>
</div>

:::

## Overview
<table><tbody>
<tr><td><b>Name</b></td><td><code>rds.EventSubscription</code></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Type</b></td><td>Resource</td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Description</b></td><td></td></tr>
<tr><td><b>Id</b></td><td><code>rds:EventSubscription</code></td></tr>
</tbody></table>

## Fields
<table><tbody>
<tr><th>Name</th><th>Datatype</th><th>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td><code>Tags</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>An array of key-value pairs to apply to this resource.</td></tr><tr><td><code>SubscriptionName</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The name of the subscription.</td></tr><tr><td><code>Enabled</code></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td>A Boolean value; set to true to activate the subscription, set to false to create the subscription but not active it.</td></tr><tr><td><code>EventCategories</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>A list of event categories for a SourceType that you want to subscribe to. You can see a list of the categories for a given SourceType in the Events topic in the Amazon RDS User Guide or by using the DescribeEventCategories action.</td></tr><tr><td><code>SnsTopicArn</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the SNS topic created for event notification. The ARN is created by Amazon SNS when you create a topic and subscribe to it.</td></tr><tr><td><code>SourceIds</code></td><td><code>array</code></td><td>The list of identifiers of the event sources for which events will be returned. If not specified, then all sources are included in the response. An identifier must begin with a letter and must contain only ASCII letters, digits, and hyphens; it cannot end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.</td></tr><tr><td><code>SourceType</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td>The type of source that will be generating the events. For example, if you want to be notified of events generated by a DB instance, you would set this parameter to db-instance. if this value is not specified, all events are returned.</td></tr>
</tbody></table>